Update production-deployment-using-tiup.md (#11922)
pingcap/docs: production-deployment-using-tiup.md

#### Prepare the TiUP offline component package

Method 1: On the [official download page](https://www.pingcap.com/download/), select the offline mirror package (TiUP offline package included) of the target TiDB version. Note that you need to download the server package and toolkit package at the same time.

> Method 2: Manually pack an offline component package using `tiup mirror clone`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Method 2: Manually pack an offline component package using `tiup mirror clone`. The detailed steps are as follows:
```

The `local_install.sh` script automatically runs the `tiup mirror set tidb-community-server-${version}-linux-amd64` command to set the current mirror address to `tidb-community-server-${version}-linux-amd64`.

#### Merge offline packages

If you download the offline packages from the [official download page](https://www.pingcap.com/download/), you need to merge the server package and the toolkit package into an offline mirror. If you manually package the offline component packages using the `tiup mirror clone` command, you can skip this step.

> Run the following commands to merge the offline toolkit package into the server package directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the following commands to merge the offline toolkit package into the server package directory:

```

The `local_install.sh` script automatically runs the `tiup mirror set tidb-community-server-${version}-linux-amd64` command to set the current mirror address to `tidb-community-server-${version}-linux-amd64`.

#### Merge offline packages

> If you download the offline packages from the [official download page](https://pingcap.com/en/product#SelectProduct), you need to merge the server package and the toolkit package into the offline mirror. If you manually package the offline components using the `tiup mirror clone` command, you can skip this step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you download the offline packages from the [official download page](https://www.pingcap.com/download/), you need to merge the server package and the toolkit package into an offline mirror. If you manually package the offline component packages using the `tiup mirror clone` command, you can skip this step.
```

> Run the following commands to merge the server and toolkit offline mirrors to the server directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the following commands to merge the offline toolkit package into the server package directory:
```

> 
> {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
